---
content_type: page
description: This page lists the topics and readings for the listed sessions of 11.350
  Sustainable Real Estate, along with lecture videos and links to lecture slides.
draft: false
title: "Sessions 19\u201321"
uid: 9485859c-358f-4dc4-bc6c-59eafc3bd1ed
---
## Session 19: BUS 5 Boston Properties: Measuring and Implementing Portfolio Sustainability \[Zhengzheng Tan\]

Understand the capital market’s influence on the behavior of long-term core asset investors, owners and operators.

As sustainability becomes an integral part of company strategy, how to set up a framework to define, measure, report and manage sustainability performance.

Learn how to approach portfolio level sustainability challenges, such as net-zero carbon operation, ESG benchmark, green financing.

Guest speaker: Ben Myers, Vice President, Sustainability at Boston Properties    

### Readings

*Boston Properties: Measuring and Implementing Portfolio Sustainability*

## Session 20: BUS 6 Sustainability Data Strategy under new regulation and investor mandate \[Zhengzheng Tan, Juan Palacio\]    

Understand the capital market’s influence on the behavior of long-term core asset investors, owners and          
operators       

Guest Speaker: Jonathan Flaherty, Global Head - Sustainability and Building Technology Innovation, Tishman Speyer

### Readings

No readings assigned.    

## Session 21: ECON 11 Sustainable Real Estate in the Broader Capital Market \[Siqi Zheng\]  

Why do institutional investors care about ESG?    

- Proposed SEC Climate Disclosure Rule    

Recent Backlash against ESG    

Global Sustainable Real Estate Investment

### Readings

Krueger, P., Sautner, Z., & Starks, L. T. (2020). The importance of climate risks for institutional investors. The Review of Financial Studies, 33(3), 1067-1111.